README.md, before:

# WireGuard Easy

[![Build & Publish Docker Image to Docker Hub](https://github.com/WeeJeWel/wg-easy/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg?branch=production)](https://github.com/WeeJeWel/wg-easy/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)
[![Lint](https://github.com/WeeJeWel/wg-easy/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/WeeJeWel/wg-easy/actions/workflows/lint.yml)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/weejewel/wg-easy/latest)](https://hub.docker.com/r/weejewel/wg-easy)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/weejewel/wg-easy.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/weejewel/wg-easy)
[![Sponsor](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/weejewel)](https://github.com/sponsors/WeeJeWel)

You have found the easiest way to install & manage WireGuard on any Linux host!

<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/screenshot.png" width="702" />
</p>

## Features

* All-in-one: WireGuard + Web UI.
* Easy installation, simple to use.
* List, create, edit, delete, enable & disable clients.
* Show a client's QR code.
* Download a client's configuration file.
* Statistics for which clients are connected.
* Gravatar support.

## Requirements

* A host with a kernel that supports WireGuard (all modern kernels).
* A host with Docker installed.

## Installation

### 1. Install Docker

If you haven't installed Docker yet, install it by running:

```bash
$ curl -sSL https://get.docker.com | sh
$ sudo usermod -aG docker $(whoami)
$ exit
```

And log in again.

You might need to install docker-compose separately. For example, on a Raspberry Pi:

```bash
sudo apt-get install docker-compose
```

### 2. Configure WireGuard

Run these commands to prepare and configure WireGuard.

```bash
$ mkdir ~/.wg-easy
$ cd ~/.wg-easy
$ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WeeJeWel/wg-easy/master/docker-compose.yml
$ vim docker-compose.yml
```

Change `WG_HOST=raspberrypi.local` to your server's public address, e.g. `WG_HOST=vpn.mydomain.com`.

Optionally, set a Web UI password by uncommenting `PASSWORD=foobar123` and change the password.

> By default, any WireGuard client will have access to the Web UI, unless you set a password.

### 3. Run WireGuard

Finally, run WireGuard. It will automatically start after a reboot.

```bash
$ docker-compose up --detach
```

The Web UI will be available on `http://0.0.0.0:51821`. You can create new clients there.

## Options

These options can be configured in `docker-compose.yml` under `environment`.

| Env | Default | Example | Description |
| - | - | - | - |
| `PASSWORD` | - | `foobar123` | When set, requires a password when logging in to the Web UI. |
| `WG_HOST` | - | `vpn.myserver.com` | The public hostname of your VPN server. |
| `WG_PORT` | `51820` | `12345` | The public UDP port of your VPN server. WireGuard will always listen on `51820` inside the Docker container. |
| `WG_PERSISTENT_KEEPALIVE` | `0` | `25` | Value in seconds to keep the "connection" open. |
| `WG_DEFAULT_ADDRESS` | `10.8.0.x` | `10.6.0.x` | Clients IP address range. |
| `WG_DEFAULT_DNS` | `1.1.1.1` | `8.8.8.8, 8.8.4.4` | DNS server clients will use. |
| `WG_ALLOWED_IPS` | `0.0.0.0/0, ::/0` | `192.168.15.0/24, 10.0.1.0/24` | Allowed IPs clients will use. |

> If you change `WG_PORT`, make sure to also change the exposed port.

# Updating

To update to the latest version, run:

```bash
docker-compose down
docker-compose pull
docker-compose up --detach --remove-orphans
docker image prune
```

Commit message:

Do not save client private keys (#5)
* Prevent browser caching of QR codes

* Refactored restarting WG interface

* Implemented client key regen

* Added modals to notify key regen

README.md, after:

# WireGuard Easy

[![Build & Publish Docker Image to Docker Hub](https://github.com/WeeJeWel/wg-easy/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg?branch=production)](https://github.com/WeeJeWel/wg-easy/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)
[![Lint](https://github.com/WeeJeWel/wg-easy/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/WeeJeWel/wg-easy/actions/workflows/lint.yml)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/weejewel/wg-easy/latest)](https://hub.docker.com/r/weejewel/wg-easy)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/weejewel/wg-easy.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/weejewel/wg-easy)
[![Sponsor](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/weejewel)](https://github.com/sponsors/WeeJeWel)

You have found the easiest way to install & manage WireGuard on any Linux host!

<p align="center">
  <img src="./assets/screenshot.png" width="702" />
</p>

## Features

* All-in-one: WireGuard + Web UI.
* Easy installation, simple to use.
* List, create, edit, delete, enable & disable clients.
* Show a client's QR code.
* Download a client's configuration file.
* Statistics for which clients are connected.
* Gravatar support.

## Requirements

* A host with a kernel that supports WireGuard (all modern kernels).
* A host with Docker installed.

## Installation

### 1. Install Docker

If you haven't installed Docker yet, install it by running:

```bash
$ curl -sSL https://get.docker.com | sh
$ sudo usermod -aG docker $(whoami)
$ exit
```

And log in again.

You might need to install docker-compose separately. For example, on a Raspberry Pi:

```bash
sudo apt-get install docker-compose
```

### 2. Configure WireGuard

Run these commands to prepare and configure WireGuard.

```bash
$ mkdir ~/.wg-easy
$ cd ~/.wg-easy
$ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WeeJeWel/wg-easy/master/docker-compose.yml
$ vim docker-compose.yml
```

Change `WG_HOST=raspberrypi.local` to your server's public address, e.g. `WG_HOST=vpn.mydomain.com`.

Optionally, set a Web UI password by uncommenting `PASSWORD=foobar123` and change the password.

> By default, any WireGuard client will have access to the Web UI, unless you set a password.

### 3. Run WireGuard

Finally, run WireGuard. It will automatically start after a reboot.

```bash
$ docker-compose up --detach
```

The Web UI will be available on `http://0.0.0.0:51821`. You can create new clients there.

## Options

These options can be configured in `docker-compose.yml` under `environment`.

| Env | Default | Example | Description |
| - | - | - | - |
| `PASSWORD` | - | `foobar123` | When set, requires a password when logging in to the Web UI. |
| `WG_HOST` | - | `vpn.myserver.com` | The public hostname of your VPN server. |
| `WG_PORT` | `51820` | `12345` | The public UDP port of your VPN server. WireGuard will always listen on `51820` inside the Docker container. |
| `WG_PERSISTENT_KEEPALIVE` | `0` | `25` | Value in seconds to keep the "connection" open. |
| `WG_DEFAULT_ADDRESS` | `10.8.0.x` | `10.6.0.x` | Clients IP address range. |
| `WG_DEFAULT_DNS` | `1.1.1.1` | `8.8.8.8, 8.8.4.4` | DNS server clients will use. |
| `WG_HARDEN_CLIENTS` | - | `1` | When clients are hardened their PrivateKeys will not be stored.  All requests to obtain their config, eg. download or QR code, will trigger a key regen. |

> If you change `WG_PORT`, make sure to also change the exposed port.

# Updating

To update to the latest version, run:

```bash
docker-compose down
docker-compose pull
docker-compose up --detach --remove-orphans
docker image prune
```
